Java is a statically-typed language. It means that all variables must be declared before they can be used.
Java is case-sensitive. 



`static` keyword in Java : (https://www.javatpoint.com/static-keyword-in-java)
Static key word is used to imporove the memory management of a Java program. 
 
static variables: Variables which are static is shared amongst all objects. In other words, static variables are stored only once and is common for all objects. 
for ex. Name of college in a class which defines student Info of a college can be static. As it wil be same for all students.

static functions: functions/methods which are static can be defined only once. A static method can be invoked without the need for creating an instance of a class.
static block: It is executed before the main method at the time of classloading. 


Reading from: https://www.programiz.com/java-programming/comments

Notes: 

- Install IntelliJ IDEA
- Install open jdk 8 
- Run Java in local. 


Collection Framework Vs Collection Interface: https://www.programiz.com/java-programming/collections


                                    Collection                                                   (Base Interface)
                    List             Set                 Queue                                        (subinterfaces)

Methods of Collection
The Collection interface includes various methods that can be used to perform different operations on objects. These methods are available in all its subinterfaces.

add() - inserts the specified element to the collection
size() - returns the size of the collection
remove() - removes the specified element from the collection
iterator() - returns an iterator to access elements of the collection
addAll() - adds all the elements of a specified collection to the collection
removeAll() - removes all the elements of the specified collection from the collection
clear() - removes all the elements of the collection


ArrayList: Can autamically change the size of array when elements are added or removed from them. (Dynamic Array)
